>>> ON THIS EDITION FOR SUNDAY
MARCH 9.
WHAT'S BELIEVED TO BE DEBRIS
FROM THE MISSING MALAYSI
AIRLINES JET IS DISCOVERED I
WATERS OFF VIETNAM
INVESTIGATORS INVESTIGATE
POSSIBLE TERROR LINK
>>> THE LATEST ON OSAMA BI
LADEN'S SON-IN-LAW
>>> NEXT ON NEWS HOUR WEEKEND.
FROM THE WNET STUDIOS IN NEW
YORK
>>> GOOD EVENING
THANKS FOR JOINING US.
INVESTIGATORS ARE TRYING T
DETERMINE WHETHER TERRORISM WA
BEHIND THAT CRASH OF A MALAYSIAN
JETLINER WITH 239 PEOPLE ABOARD.
DOZENS OF SHIPS AND PLANES ARE
SCOURING THE SOUTH CHINA SEA
LOOKING FOR THE PLANE'
WRECKAGE
LATE THIS MORNING, VIETNAMES
SAID THEY SPOTTED WHAT MAY B
THE FIRST BITS OF DEBRIS
>> Reporter: FOUND FLOATING IN
THE SEA IS THIS AN AIRCRAF
DOOR
VIETNAMESE OFFICIALS BELIEVE I
COULD BE THE FIRST CLUE AS T
THE FATE OF THIS PLANE
THEY THINK IT MAY HAVE
DISINTERGREATED IN THE SKY
FOR THE FAMILIES OF THOSE ON
BOARD, THE AGONIZING WAIT FO
ANSWERS GOING ON
THIS WOMAN IN AUSTRALIA CAN'
TELL HER SON IF HE'LL BE ABLE TO
SPEAK TO HIS DAD AGAIN
>> HE LOOKS AND SAYS WHEN'S DA
GOING TO SKYPE
HE SAID HE'D BE HERE
WHEN WILL HE SKYPE
YOU KNOW, I'LL CROSS THAT BRIDGE
WHEN I HAVE TO
>> Reporter: THE IDENTITY OF
THOSE ON BOARD THE BOEING TRIPLE
SEVEN IS NOW CENTRAL T
INVESTIGATORS.
THIS ITALIAN MAN WHO'S VERY MUCH
ALIVE WAS ON THE PASSENGER LIST.
HIS PASSPORT WAS STOLEN IN
THAILAND AND USED TO BOARD THE
FLIGHT AT KUALA LUMPUR
INTELLIGENCE EXPERTS WILL BE
LOOKING CLOSELY AT THEIR
BACKGROUNDS.
>> THERE'S A LOT O
POSSIBILITIES HERE
ONE OF THEM IS THAT IT'S PUREL
A CRIMINAL MATTER, THE
PASSPORTS, WHICH IS UNCONNECTE
TO THE DISAPPEARANCE OF TH
AIRCRAFT
THAT IS STILL A POSSIBILITY.
THE OTHER POSSIBILITY IS, IS
THAT IT'S MORE SINISTER THAN
THAT
>> Reporter: THAT UNCERTAINT
MAKES FINDING THE WRECKAGE O
THE PLANE VITAL IN EXPLAININ
WHAT'S HAPPENED.
MORE THAN 70 RESCUE TEAMS AR
NOW INVOLVED IN THAT SEARCH.
FOR THE FAMILY, THE FATE O
THEIR LOVED ONES REMAINS A
INTOLERABLE MYSTERY.
THEY ARE STILL PRAYING FOR GOO
NEWS NO MATTER HOW FAINT THA
HOPE MAY BE.
>> FOR MORE ON WHETHER THE FAT
OF THE AIRLINER WAS AN ACT O
TERRORISM WE'RE JOINED BY
SECURITY EXPERT.
SO MR. RON, WHAT WE DO KNOW, W
HAVE A FEW THINGS CONFIRMED.
WE HAD GOOD WEATHER, EXPERIENCED
PILOTS, SOLID SAFETY RECORDS, NO
DISTRESS SIGNAL AND THE ISSUE OF
THE STOLEN PASSPORTS
>> THERE'S NO QUESTION THA
THERE IS A SECURITY FAILURE BY
THE FACT THAT THE TWO PEOPLE
WERE ALLOWED TO BOARD THE FLIGHT
WITH THE IDENTITIES THAT DO NO
BELONG TO THEM
BUT WHETHER THIS SECURIT
FAILURE IS CONNECTED IN ANY WA
TO THE DESTRUCTION OF TH
AIRCRAFT OR THE DISAPPEARANCE OF
THE AIRCRAFT, IT IS STILL A, YET
TO BE DETERMINED
AT THIS TIME, THERE'S NO DIREC
EVIDENCE TO TIE UP THE TWO
EVENTS
>> WHAT ABOUT THESE STOLEN
PASSPORTS?
HOW OFTEN IS IF THAT PEOPLE AR
ABLE TO GET ON A PLANE WIT
FALSE IDENTITIES
>> WELL, THAT IS SOMETHING THA
THE EXPOSES ONE OF THE
WEAKNESSES IN THE GLOBAL
AVIATION SECURITY SYSTEM
FOR A VERY LONG TIME, WE'VE BEEN
IDENTIFYING PEOPLE BY USE OF
DOCUMENTS RATHER THAN BY ANY
KIND OF BIOMETRIC SIGNATURE.
WHEN WE LOOK AT DOCUMENTS, IT IS
VERY MUCH IN THE EYE OF TH
BEHOLDER OR THE EYE OF THE
CHECKER TO IDENTIFY THE ISSUES
WITH THE PASSPORT.
BEYOND ALL THAT, THERE'S ONE
THING THAT IS AVAILABLE, AND THE
CLUES IN THIS CASE AND IN OTHE
CASES WERE WIDE.
THEY DID NOT RECEIVE ENOUG
ATTENTION.
THAT IS THE FACT THAT THOSE TW
NAMES ON THE STOLEN PASSPORT
APPEARED ON THE LIST THAT WA
SUPPOSED TO BE LOOKED INTO
BEFORE THE PASSENGERS WERE
ALLOWED TO BOARD
AND IF THAT HAD APPEARED,
WOULD HAVE EXPECTED THAT THESE
TWO GUYS OR THESE TWO PEOPLE
WOULD HAVE BEEN PICKED UP AN
NOT ALLOWED ON THE FLIGHT.
>> AS A TRAVELER, I FEEL LIK
THE COST OF ME WAITING IN LINE
AND HAVING ALL THE PASSPORTING
CHECKED IS THAT THE PASSPORTIN
ARE RUNNING THROUGH SOME SORT OF
INTERNATIONAL DATABASE, WHETHE
IT'S INTERPOL OR THE FBI
THAT DIDN'T HAPPEN
>> A LOT OF THAT OCCURRING
BEFORE YOU END UP AT THE
AIRPORT.
WHEN YOU STAND UP IN LINE AN
STAND IN FRONT OF THE SECURITY
AGENT, WHO LOOKING AT YOUR I.D.,
WHETHER IT IS A PASSPORT O
DIFFERENT I.D.
AND COMPARE IT IS TO YOU
BOARDING CARD, THIS IS SOMETHING
THAT GOING VERY FAST AND HAS
NOTHING TO DO WITH CHECKIN
NAMES AGAINST THE LIST
THAT SHOULD HAVE BEEN DONE
EARLIER.
ONCE YOU BOOK THE FLIGHT, YOUR
NAME SHOULD GO INTO A SYSTEM AND
BE CHECKED AGAINST ONE OF THOS
WATCH LISTS OR WANTED LISTS.
>> SO HOW WILL THEY DETERMINE IF
IT WAS A BOMB?
>> I THINK UNLESS THERE WILL B
VERY SPECIFIC INTELLIGENCE
COMING IN, WE WILL HAVE TO B
PATIENT UNTIL THE AIRCRAFT, OR
THE REMAINS OF THE AIRCRAF
WOULD BE FOUND TO LOGBOOKS
HOPEFULLY WILL BE FOUND AN
CONTAIN INFORMATION AND TH
REMAINS OF THE AIRCRAFT ITSELF
COULD GIVE US GOOD INDICATION AS
TO WHAT HAPPENED TO IT, JUST
LIKE THE CASE IN PREVIOU
INCIDENTS LIKE THE AIR FRANC
FLIGHT THAT DISAPPEARED OVER THE
ATLANTIC A COUPLE YEARS AGO AN
WAY BACK A TWA 800 AFTER TAKIN
OFF FROM KENNEDY AIRPORT
>> SO HOW SOPHISTICATED ARE OU
BOMB DETECTION SYSTEMS TODAY I
THE SENSE THAT THERE'S ALMOST AN
ARMS RACE.
BOMB MAKERS TRY TO FIGURE OU
WAYS TO GET IN THROUGH THE
SYSTEMS.
WE MAKE SYSTEMS STRONGER AND I
KEEPS GOING UP
ARE WE KEEPING UP WITH THE BAD
GUYS
>> WHENEVER THERE'S A DEFENS
SYSTEM, THERE'S ALWAYS LOOPHOLES
OR CRACKS OR ALTERNATIVES THAT
CAN BE USED AS WE HAVE WITNESSED
IN THE CASE OF THE LIQUI
BOMBERS IN LONDON SOME YEARS
AGO.
LATER ON WITH THE UNDERWEA
BOMBER WHO MANAGED TO TAKE HIS
BOMB ON BOARD.
SO I WOULDN'T SAY THAT WE HAVE
COVERED THE, EVERY POSSIBL
ALTERNATIVE.
BUT WE CERTAINLY, THEY HAV
COVERED MOST OF IT
AND THEY'RE WORKING VERY HARD TO
COVER MORE, AND TO KEEP IT
UNKNOWN TO THE BAD GUYS AS T
WHERE THE LOOPHOLES ARE.
>> ALL RIGHT
THANK YOU SO MUCH.
>> YOU'RE WELCOME.
>>> TURNING NOW TO THE CRISIS IN
UKRAINE.
ARMED PRO-RUSSIAN FORCES TODAY
REPORTEDLY SEIZED CONTROL OF
ANOTHER MILITARY AIRPORT AS THEY
CONTINUE TO SECURE STRATEGIC
LOCATIONS IN CRIMEA, THE PLACE
THAT HAD BEEN PART OF UKRAIN
UNTIL RUSSIAN TROOPS OCCUPIED IT
LAST WEEKEND
THIS VIDEO SHOWS COSSACKS TO
WHIP UKRAINIANS WHO HAD BEEN
CELEBRATING THE BIRTH OF A
PROMINENT UKRAINIAN POET
BENJAMIN NETANYAHU SAID A SET OF
PROPOSALS BEING DRAFT THE BY
SECRETARY OF STATE JOHN KERR
COULD BE THE BASIS OF
PALESTINIAN PIECE DEAL
>>> MEANWHILE, IN CAIRO, THE
SECRETARY-GENERAL CALLED ON ARAB
COUNTRIES TO TAKE A FIRM STAND
AGAINST ISRAEL'S DEMAND TO B
RECOGNIZED AS A JEWISH STATE
>>> BACK IN THE U.S.
DOZENS OF HIGH SCHOOL STUDENTS
IN CALIFORNIA WERE RUSHED TO A
HOSPITAL AFTER A STAGE
COLLAPSED.
ABOUT 250 GIRLS WERE
PARTICIPATING IN A MUSICAL
THEATER CHALLENGE WERE ON STAG
WHEN IT GAVE WAY
>>> IN UPSTATE NEW YORK, A
PASTOR SAYS HE WILL RAVEL OFF
SEMI-AUTOMATIC RIFLE TO SHOW
SUPPORT FOR HUNTERS AND GU
OWNERS
THE PASTOR SAYS THE AR-15 RIFL
HAS BEEN MODIFIED TO COMPLY WITH
STATE LAW.
IT'S SIMILAR TO THE RIFLE USED
IN NEWTOWN, CONNECTICUT.
♪ ♪
>>> AN IMPORTANT TRIAL IS UNDE
WAY IN FEDERAL COURT HERE IN NEW
YORK
THE DEFENDANT, OSAMA BIN LADEN'S
SON-IN-LAW
FOR MORE, WE'RE JOINED BY CHRI
MATTHEWS OF THE WALL STREE
JOURNAL.
THIS IS THE MOST SENIOR AL QAEDA
OPERATIVE TRIED IN A FEDERAL
COURT.
THERE WAS TALK ABOUT TRYIN
KHALID SHAKE MOW HAMID HERE.
THERE WAS SUCH AN OUTCRY
>> CERTAINLY THIS GUY ISN'T AS
CONSPICUOUS AS KSM WHO PLANNED
9-11
BUT FOR WHATEVER REASON TH
OUTCRY WE SAW OVER KSM HASN'
BEEN THERE
HE'S CHARGED WITH THREE COUNTS
ONE, CONSPIRING TO KIL
AMERICANS AND THEN PROVIDING
MATERIAL SUPPORT TO AL QAEDA
AND THE MATERIAL SUPPORT I
BASICALLY HIS WORDS AND HI
RHETORIC
HE WAS AL QAEDA'S SPOKESMAN.
HE'S ON MULTIPLE PROPAGAND
VIDEOS INCITING VIOLENCE AND
RECRUITING FIGHTERS, AND THE
GOVERNMENT SAYS THAT IS HOW HE
AIDED AL QAEDA BY RECRUITING
FIGHTERS
>> WHERE DID THEY CATCH HIM?
>> THEY CAUGHT HIM, IT'S A
LITTLE UNCLEAR, BUT IT LOOKS
LIKE HE WAS ARRESTED IN TURKEY
THEN TRANSPORTED TO JORDAN WHERE
HE WAS HANDED OVER TO U.S. LAW
ENFORCEMENT OFFICIALS.
HE'D BEEN IN IRAN FOR MANY
YEARS, BASICALLY UNDER HOUSE
ARREST
AND THEY ARRESTED HIM, WAS
BROUGHT TO THE U.S. IN 2013.
>> THE PROSECUTION'S ALREADY
BEGUN.
DID HE HAVE ANY ROLE IN PLANNING
SEPTEMBER 11
>> NO.
AND THEY'VE BEEN CLEAR THAT HE
HAD NO ROLE IN PLANNIN
SEPTEMBER 11 OR ANY ATTACKS.
THE SFRENT OF THEIR CASE I
BASICALLY HIS OWN WORDS.
THEY HAVE ALREADY AND WILL
CONTINUE TO SHOW VIDEOS OF HIM
INCLUDING ON SEPTEMBER 12, 2001,
TAKING RESPONSIBILITY, SAYING AL
QAEDA WAS RESPONSIBLE FOR 9-11
AND ENCOURAGING MUSLIMS TO
ATTACK THE U.S
AND THAT CONSTITUTES MATERIA
SUPPORT.
SO THEY THINK THEY HAVE A STRONG
CASE
THEY JUST HAVE TO SHOW THESE
VIDEOS AND LET HIM SPEAK FOR
HIMSELF.
>> WHAT'S THE TIMELINE HERE?
HOW LONG DOES THIS PROCESS G
ON
>> THEY SAID THEY THINK IT WIL
GO A MONTH
WE'RE ABOUT A WEEK IN.
SO IT COULD BE SENT TO THE JUR
FOR DELIBERATIONING BY THE END
OF MARCH
COULD DRAG ON LONGER, BUT THEY
THINK ABOUT A MONTH.
>> AND THEN YOU SAID YOU'VE BEEN
IN THE COURTROOM
YOU SAID THIS IS A JUDGE THAT'
A BIT NO-NONSENSE.
HE'S PUSHING BOTH SIDES.
>> HE WILL STOP AND AS
WITNESSES QUESTIONS HIMSELF.
HE HAS SHUT DOWN CERTAIN LINES
OF QUESTIONING THAT HE DOES NO
LIKE
HE IS FIRMLY IN CONTROL OF THE
COURTROOM.
>> WHAT ARE THE POTENTIA
SENTENCES HE COULD FACE WITH
THESE CHARGES?
>> HE COULD FACIAL LIFE IN
PRISON
THESE ARE SERIOUS CHARGES,
ESPECIALLY THE CONSPIRING TO
KILL AMERICANS CHARGE.
>> OKAY.
AND THEN IF THERE ARE, I
THERE'S A WAY THAT YOU CAN
FIGURE OUT WHAT THE DEFENSE'
STRATEGY, THAT THEY HAVEN'
SPOKEN YET, BUT HOW ARE THEY
PLANNING TO DEFEND THEIR CLIENT?
>> DURING THEIR OPENIN
STATEMENT, THE GIST OF IT WA
THEY'RE GOING TO MAKE THIS CASE,
THE PROSECUTION'S GOING TO MAK
THIS CASE ABOUT 9-11
AND IT'S NOT ABOUT 9-11.
HE DIDN'T HAVE ANYTHING TO D
WITH IT.
THEY USE THE PHRASE OVER AND
OVER AGAIN ALL THIS CASE I
ABOUT IS WORDS AND ASSOCIATION
THEY ALSO HAVE A UNIQUE THEORY
THAT THERE'S ANOTHER SULEMAN
WHO'S BEING DETAINED
PART OF THE GOVERNMENT'S CASE IS
THAT ABU GATES WAS GIVIN
SPEECHES AND THE DEFENSE I
CLAIMING THAT IT'S THIS OTHE
ABU GATES BUT THE JUDGE HAS NO
ALLOWED THEM TO PURSUE THAT LINE
OF DEFENSE
IT'S NOT CLEAR HOW MUCH OF A
DEFENSE CASE THEY'LL BE ABLE T
MAKE ON THAT
>> THANKS SO MUCH.
>> THANKS FOR HAVING ME.
♪ ♪
>>> AND NOW TO OUR SIGNATURE
SEGMENT.
FOR YEARS NOW, THERE'S BEEN AN
INTENSE DEBATE BETWEEN
SUPPORTERS OF FRACKING WHO
INSIST IT'S A DEAMERICA'S ENERGY
FUTURE AND ENVIRONMENTALISTS WHO
ARE ADAMANT THAT THE PROCESS I
UNSAFE
TONIGHT WE MOVE PAST THAT DEBATE
AND LOOK AT AN UNLIKEL
COALITION THAT HAS FORMED IN
PENNSYLVANIA BETWEEN SOM
ENVIRONMENTALISTS AND SOME
COMPANIES.
THIS FIRST AIRED IN NOVEMBER
>> Reporter: ENVIRONMENTALISTS
HAVE BEEN PROTESTING AGAINST
FRACKING EVER SINCE THE NATURA
GAS BOOM BEGAN ABOUT TEN YEARS
AGO.
THEIR MAIN CONCERN IS THAT THE
CHEMICALS THAT ARE PUMPED INTO
WELLS AT HIGH PRESSURE T
EXTRACT THE GAS WILL LEAK INTO
THE WATER TABLE OR SPILL INT
LAKES AND STREAMS.
ADVOCATES OF FRACKING SAY TH
THREAT OF CONTAMINATION HAS BEEN
GROSSLY EXAGGERATED.
BUT ENVIRONMENTALISTS SAY OI
AND GAS COMPANIES NEED TO COME
CLEAN ABOUT THE RISKS.
>> IT IS FUNDAMENTALLY A
UNTRUTH TO WALK INTO A COMMUNITY
AND SAY THAT THIS IS 100% SAFE
PROCESS.
IT IS.
>> SO WHEN I TALK ABOUT NATURA
GAS PEOPLE OFTEN ASK ME TH
QUESTION, IS THIS GOOD OR BA
FOR THE ENVIRONMENT.
>> Reporter: DESPITE THOSE
CONCERNS, BROWN STEIN IS NOW
WORKING WITH COMPANIES THAT AR
FRACKING IN PENNSYLVANIA
HE SAYS THE GROUP ISN'T IN FAVOR
OF FRACKING, BUT IT IS IN FAVO
OF USING MORE NATURAL GAS AS A
ALTERNATIVE TO COAL BECAUSE GA
IS CLEANER
A NEW REPORT BY TH
ENVIRONMENTAL PROTECTION AGENC
SAID THAT U.S. POWER PLANTSV
RECENTLY CUT THEIR TOTAL
GREENHOUSE GAS EMISSIONS BY MORE
THAN 6%, MOSTLY BECAUSE SO MAN
HAVE SWITCHED FROM COAL TO GAS
BROWNSTEIN BELIEVES NATURAL GA
IS THE FOGSLE FUEL WE SHOULD B
USING UNTIL WE GET OUR ENERG
FROM RENEWABLE SOURCES LIKE WIND
OR SOLAR POWER
SO THEY STARTED TO TALK TO THE
COMPANIES FRACKING FOR GAS
THE ONE THAT SO MANY
ENVIRONMENTALISTS SEE AT ENEMY
>> IN ORDER TO MAKE CHANGE YOU
HAVE TO TAKE THE TIME TO LEARN
THEIR INDUSTRY, LEARN THEI
CONCERNS AND BE ABLE TO TALK
WITH FOLKS ON THEIR TERMS ABOU
WHAT YOU SEE THE PROBLEMS AR
AND ALSO WHAT YOU SEE TH
OPPORTUNITIES ARE TO FIX THOSE
PROBLEMS
>> ONE OF THE OIL AND GA
COMPANIES BROWNSTEIN APPROACHE
ALSO SAW AN OPPORTUNITY.
PAUL GOODFELLOW IS A SHELL
EXECUTIVE.
>> IT'S HAVING A RATIONA
CONVERSATION WITH PEOPLE AND
LOOKING AT THE FACTS THINK ABOUT
HOW COLLECTIVELY WE CAN RAIS
THE PERFORMANCE BAR.
I THINK IT'S A CONVERSATION WE
CAN DO MORE.
>> Reporter: EARLIER THIS YEAR
SHELL AND THREE OTHER ENERGY
COMPANIES JOINED THE
ENVIRONMENTAL DEFENSE FUND AND
SIX OTHER NON-PROFITING TO FOR
A COALITION CALLED THE CENTE
FOR SUSTAINABLE SHAL
DEVELOPMENT.
ITS FIRST ORDER OF BUSINESS WA
TO ANNOUNCE A SET OF
ENVIRONMENTAL STANDARDS FO
FRACKING THAT BROWNSTEIN HOPES
CAN SERVE AS A MODEL FOR THE
INDUSTRY AND FOR STATE AND
FEDERAL REGULATIONS.
>> WHAT WE'RE HOPING TO DO I
CERTIFY COMPANIES TO THAT HIGHER
STANDARD
LET THAT BE AN EXAMPLE FOR
REGULATORS, SURE
BUT FOR OTHERS IN INDUSTRY TOO
AS TO WHAT IS POSSIBLE
>> Reporter: THREE OF THE 15
STANDARDS THE GROUP ANNOUNCE
ARE AIMED AT REDUCING DIESEL
EMISSIONS AT FRACKING SITING
SOME ARE AIMED AT KEEPING TH
CHEMICALS OUT OF LAKES AND
RIVERS
RIGHT AWAY ENVIRONMENTALISTS
SPLIT INTO TWO CAMPS
THEY TOUTED THE STANDARDS AS A
BREAKTHROUGH
MANY OTHER ENVIRONMENTALISTS SAW
IT AS EMPTY RHETORIC FROM TH
COMPANIES.
>> WE JUST HAVE TO TAKE SHELL'
WORD THAT YOU'RE GOING TO ABID
BY THESE HIGHER STANDARDS?
>> I THINK THE KEY ELEMENT I
NOT JUST THE FACT THAT THERE ARE
PERFORMANCE STANDARDS THAT HAV
BEEN WRITTEN UP.
IT'S THE FACT THAT IT'
INDEPENDENT AUDITOR THAT WIL
COME ROUND AND VERIFY THAT OUR
OPERATIONS ARE EXECUTING T
THOSE STANDARDS.
>> I WILL START TO BELIEVE I
MAKING A DIFFERENCE THE VERY
FIRST TIME SOMEBODY STOP
DRILLING A WELL OR DOESN'T DRA
A WELL BASED ON THOSE STANDARDS.
>> Reporter: DETWILER IS LINED
UP AGAINST THE COALITION
HE BELIEVES IT'S IMPOSSIBLE TO
FRACK FOR GAS SAFELY
>> I THINK THERE'S A MIND SE
THAT WHAT REALLY MATTERS I
WHAT'S UNDER THE GROUND.
YOU DON'T FOCUS ON WHAT'S ON
TOMORROW
THE PEOPLE, THE HOUSES, TH
TREES ARE JUST THE STUFF THAT'
IN THE WAY
>> Reporter: FRACKING WELLS HAVE
BEEN POPPING UP CLOSER AND
CLOSER TO DETWILER'S NATIV
PITTSBURGH
PLACES THAT ARE IMPORTANT TO
HIM.
>> MY GRANDKIDS PLAY IN TH
PARK
IT HAS PERSONAL VALUE TO ME.
>> Reporter: ALLOWING AN ENERG
COMPANY TO DRILL IN THE PARK
COULD EARN THE COUNTY 2 TO $
MILLION UP FRONT
AND AS MUCH AS $700,000 A YEAR
IN ROYALTIES AFTER THAT.
CAN YOU BLAME IN THIS TIME O
BUDGET DEFICITS A COUNTY
GOVERNMENT FOR SAYING WE'D LIK
TO HAVE THAT MONEY
>> I THINK THERE'S SOMETHING
MORE IMPORTANT AT STAKE HERE
ARE YOU GOING TO SELL ANYTHING
AND EVERYTHING
I'D LIKE TO SEE US START OFF B
DECIDING THAT THERE'S SOME
PLACES THAT AREN'T WORTH IT,
EVEN IF THEY TOOK SOME OF THAT
MONEY AND BUILT A BOAT DOCK OR
CONCESSION STAND OR SOMETHIN
LIKE THAT.
THIS IS NOT JUST ANOTHER PLASTIC
ENTERTAINMENT VENUE.
THIS IS A LITTLE SLICE OF NATURE
THAT WE CAN TREAT AS NATURE.
IF WE FRACK UNDERNEATH IT, THE
DEEP DOWN AT SOME LEVEL, IT'
JUST ANOTHER FACTORY, EVEN IF IT
HAS GRASS ON TOP
>> Reporter: FRACKING HAS MADE
GAS SO OF THE INEXPENSIVE THAT
THE ENVIRONMENTAL DEFENSE FUND'S
SITUATION IS ONLY GOING TO B
WORSE.
>> I UNDERSTAND WHERE TH
PASSION IS COMING FROM
BUT TO STAND BY AND DO NOTHING
TO MINIMIZE RISK TO PUBLIC
HEALTH AND THE ENVIRONMENT FRO
FOSSIL FUEL PRODUCTION I
UNACCEPTABLE TO ME
>> Reporter: MARK BROWNSTEIN
SAYS THAT IF THE EVIDENCE SHOW
THAT OIL AND GAS COMPANIES I
THE COALITION AREN'T SERIOUS
ABOUT IMPROVING TH
ENVIRONMENTAL STANDARDS FO
FRACKING, THE EDF WILL WALK AWAY
AND MAKE SURE EVERYONE KNOWS
WHY.
FOR NOW HE'S BORROWING A PHRAS
RONALD REAGAN USED WHEN HE SAT
DOWN TO NEGOTIATE WITH THE
SOVIETS.
TRUST BUT VERIFY
♪ ♪
>>> QUESTIONS ABOUT FRACKING
REVIEW OUR FRACKING PRIMER A
NEWSHOUR .PBS .ORGANIZE.
>>> THE PUSH TO GET THE U.S. T
RATIFY A TREATY THAT WOULD
ESTABLISH THE RIGHTS OF DISABLED
AROUND THE WORLD
>>> THANKS FOR WATCHING.